Prepare release 0.2.3 (#53)
CSHS-CWRA/RavenPy: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

0.2.3
-----

* Regionalisation data is now part of the package.
* Fix tests that were not using testdata properly.
* Add tests for external dataset access.

> * `utilities.testdata.get_local_testdata` now crashes when it finds no dataset corresponding to the user pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `utilities.testdata.get_local_testdata` now raises an exception when it finds no dataset corresponding to the user pattern.
```

Author: hmm oui en effet, merci !
